Add an extra note for Agentless Mode (#181)
k3s-io/docs: docs/advanced/advanced.md

Running agentless servers may be advantageous if you want to obscure your control-plane nodes from discovery by agents and workloads, at the cost of increased administrative overhead caused by lack of cluster operator support.

> By default, the apiserver will not be able to make outgoing connections to any admission webhooks running in agents. To remedy this, also set the `--egress-selector-mode` server flag to either `pod` or `cluster`. If you are changing this flag in a cluster with already running agents, you'll need to restart the agents for the flag to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the apiserver on agentless servers will not be able to make outgoing connections to admission webhooks or aggregated apiservices running within the cluster. To remedy this, set the `--egress-selector-mode` server flag to either `pod` or `cluster`. If you are changing this flag on an existing cluster, you'll need to restart all nodes in the cluster for the option to take effect.
```
